Dragon girl regained her memory
It seems that Murong Xiongcai won't last long
Never let the dragon girl and the fourth sister experience fusion
explain
He will have the ability to compete with me
Let's go
I really colluded with the Demon Cult
Practiced magic
Are you confused?
You are a Dragon Temple Warrior
Dragon Temple goes out of the kingdoms to submit
We are already at the top.
What are you doing?
You don't understand.
Although I am the god of war
But power is never as good as propaganda
I'm not qualified
He was not even qualified to meet the Dragon Lady
This taste of living under people
I've had enough of that.
I want wind and rain
Want power to be monstrous
It can only be attributed to the magic cult
Murong Xuance
You are guilty
Hahaha people are not for themselves
Destroy
I'm just choosing a stronger backer
If I have a great plan, I want to be above ten thousand people
What am I guilty of?
Really?
So you would rather sacrifice your sister's life
Do you want to stand above the illusory ten thousand people?
What do you mean?
You should know
From the moment your sister stepped into this party
His end is doomed to be death
brother
Murong Xianci
It's no accident that you're here.
I'm not supporting your sister
It is the order of the master muscle of the Demon Cult
The trap you set for me
He wants to kill me and get four elves
And you're willing to sacrifice your sister to bring me into the game